OSSMDOC-303: Config reorg (#32055)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-routing-bookinfo-applying.adoc

[id="ossm-routing-bookinfo-applying_{context}"]
== Applying a virtual service

In the following procedure, the virtual service routes all traffic to `v1` of each micro-service by applying virtual services that set the default version for the micro-services. 

.Procedure

> 1.  Run the following command to apply the virtual services.

Reviewer: If you like you can omit mentioning the command. For example:
```suggestion
1.  Apply the virtual services.
```

+
[source,bash,subs="attributes"]
----
$ oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Maistra/istio/maistra-{MaistraVersion}/samples/bookinfo/networking/virtual-service-all-v1.yaml
----
+

> 2. To test the command was successful, display the defined routes with the following command:

Reviewer: And another example:
```suggestion
2. To verify that you applied the virtual services, display the defined routes.
```
